When unhappy inside, we project our
feelings outside, seeking subjects of
contention to start arguments, when
opponents are strong, they laugh at
us while meeting our complaints with
clear-cut explanations
Though you say I read cosmological
doggerel with comforting concepts
which are only speculation, I’m not
offended, I am on a quest to find all
speculation to enlarge the scope of
the human mind, free imagination
Where David Blaine does this by ac-
complishing impossible physical feats
like levitation that make people gasp
and run away, I want to know what is
considered mentally impossible, then
move the boundaries
Seeking all probable and improbable
explanations for the origin of the uni-
verse, all possible and impossible
alternatives and ways of existence,
broadening concepts so much
no-one can limit them again…