me and a boy were talking about some
real shit I mean hard shit like how he
wanted to die and he said stop it you're
making me cry I said what's wrong with
that he said everything I said name one
thing he told me to I am NOT a girl and
I am NOT a baby ah there it is the tough
love line we hear from our mothers we
tell our best friends and we tell our
little brothers but as often as we say
it it's still a lie chin up son boy so
cry number one I am NOT a girl isn't it
strange that the culture the privileged
the power were taught the way men
identify is by what we're not it's like
saying I'm human because I'm not a bird
it's absurd and yet it doesn't change
the fact that when I look at this guy
I imagine myself with feathers hollow
bones weightless what it would be like
to fly it's sweet but I don't give a
shit about that make-believe nonsense
you can keep your birds your dreams your
fears I don't know a thing about
emotions are tears all that feeling
stuff makes me want to hurl I am strong
and tough I am not a girl
but if I'm not a girl it begs the
question what am i sometimes I don't
know but that sometimes it's the best
that I've got so I'll prove myself by
proving what I'm not so I've got
something in my chest in my throat I
can't I can't I cannot let it out I
can't let it out and I can't hold it in
no matter what my mother says I can't
hold up my chin and that's when I hurt
myself for others and don't I wish I
could talk to my brothers
number two I am NOT a baby there is one
thing you need to understand that every
single boy wants to be young man just
looking at it pretend to become
Halloween it's like they've stepped it
up a superhero scene with the drama
mustache is the pillow stuffing muscles
well I can't sleep but at least I'm
strong man you a boy just the size of a
pup he had such a mean mask I just had
to ask what's he want to be when he
grows up he looked at me and said
honestly big so I'm a boy and I've got a
mask to put on because if there's one
thing I wanted to be big and strong but
dad's six feet tall and I know he never
cries so I'm gonna be good enough and
his eyes but if growing up means growing
apart but I give my best friend a piece
of my heart not to talk about but just
for him to hole and maybe I'll forget
about it once I'm old
meanwhile I'll be strong even when I'm
sad and I'll pretend I don't wish I
could talk to my dad
boys I'll cry but cuz I was gained is
constantly mocked boy still cries
parents break up in his world is rocked
boys don't cry gets beat up in a fight
boys don't cry gifts have a bad dream at
night boy soul cries Buse and he holds
it in boys I'll cry as heart grows
paper-thin boys don't cry we've all seen
this act in your brother your son you
know what he's holding back and we've
just begun if he doesn't have words he
has bullets fists red lines on his
wrists I've seen it happen before and I
will not be silent watching another sad
boy girl violence we are the ones that
will change his life I've no crime to go
with that we're just gonna fucking do it
if you're a boy and you're hearing this
you are not a girl you are not a baby
you are not less than you are not maybe
you are good enough tears are honesty
interdependence is strength
communication is bravery so boys love
your brothers and fathers love your sons
I've said it before we've just begun